yeah nigga it's official nigga you see
it nope I my scraper back to the champ I
ain't playin man Will's photo shoot
today man on this beautiful Tuesday man
the Sun out man for all you haters man
all the haters man we come in man wheels
2009 mansion at the 10th anniversary man
you see it you see the swag game up
front of the he tells me know in clam
man we pulling the toys out the date man
for a photo shoot man so I'm just giving
you niggas a little slight update of
what's going to happen one of these
motherfuckers gonna be on the front
cover of the wheels man I ain't gonna
say which one but you know one of these
motherfuckers man you know both of these
motherfuckers killing the city man ain't
no nigga fuck with the champ and Obama
you already know the deal nigga can't
fuck with me then I'm back nigga two
weeks nigga put that bitch back together
then we get our sneak peek at that man
I'm get on board at yeah yeah get y'all
boring at you see that color match yeah
yeah two weeks ago man he was wounded
man people thought it was over man the
president man I do is this back on sixes
out here shitting on you fuck niggas
again you see it 26 is too thick so if
that nigga push up on your time up oh
man I got this regal man i'm gonna put
on foes man nigga told me 26 dogfish
yeah I you see him they own their y'all
borders champ man my nigga out here
shitting on niggas man we just waiting
on a little competition man look at him
though you're shitting on your niggas
shit know you niggas man I ain't ready
man you see the swag game 128 Snicket
30s nigga if you get your mind right
nigga start talking man make a nigga
specimens change manding around get
bread they can expense on this long
bread man you fuck niggas man you see it
man the two beasts man the two beasts
it's a little bar man you give your
niggas an update man we finna go get
these bitches watched meet up at UAS man
twelve o'clock man photo shoot man
stunner the goon man you already know
the deal man straight otherwise
California dull for you fuckin niggas
that don't know that I'm from the slums
nigga I just want y'all to see this
menace real shit right here man sixes
and eights man you ain't on sixes and
eights man step your motherfucking rim
game up man all 20 folks sell them to
these hoes man bitches riding phones man
sixes and eights man 1830s nigga next
nigga you hear me eights and 30s nigga
you hear me yeah it's no happy breath i
justwe no you fuckin niggas to say
something wrong get out of line I'm a
fucking your nigga Simona that's what I
do yeah little sneak peek man Will's
photo shoot today meant overclock us man
you already know man then came focus
real Washington's man waiting plan man
we take the shit real serious nigga and
if you say something agree take it real
offensive nigga won't get there spinning
this change nigga so I'm just telling
y'all get your motherfuckin mind right
when y'all speak up on stunt Obama man
stop talking about me to these holes in
these niggas man try to hearing that
shit man you don't like my swag you like
my staff don't talk about me but you
know you can't help it man everybody
talked about me I am the city man i am
the king of the streets then call me
arrogant call me whatever you want to
call me man look at my web game don't
look find somebody that can fuck with
these two men and I saw him they're
gonna do make me by 745i my nigga make
me spend my money man make me I want
somebody to come get me that's why I
tell you niggas everything show you
niggas everything I'm doing come on with
it i watch i'm giving you the game come
take me out yeah uh-huh heard the fuck
out of there it's hard huh yeah I know I
know look at that on a motherfucker
sixes
look at that on the motherfucker 6s man